Modify README With Instantiated Model Information (#430)
CDCgov/PyRenew: README.md

pip install git+https://github.com/CDCgov/PyRenew@main
```

## Existing Models

At present, the following models, which exist in external repositories, are written using PyRenew:

`pyrenew-covid-wastewater` (see [here](https://github.com/CDCgov/pyrenew-covid-wastewater)): _Models and infrastructure for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations using wastewater data with PyRenew._

> `pyrenew-flu-light` (see [here](https://github.com/CDCgov/pyrenew-flu-light/)): _An instantiation in PyRenew of an [Epidemia](https://imperialcollegelondon.github.io/epidemia/) influenza forecasting model used in the 2023-24 respiratory season._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pyrenew-flu-light` (see [here](https://github.com/CDCgov/pyrenew-flu-light/)): _An instantiation in PyRenew of an influenza forecasting model used in the 2023-24 respiratory season._
```

> ## Existing Models
> 
> At present, the following models, which exist in external repositories, are written using PyRenew:
> 
> `pyrenew-covid-wastewater` (see [here](https://github.com/CDCgov/pyrenew-covid-wastewater)): _Models and infrastructure for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations using wastewater data with PyRenew._
> 
> `pyrenew-flu-light` (see [here](https://github.com/CDCgov/pyrenew-flu-light/)): _An instantiation in PyRenew of an [Epidemia](https://imperialcollegelondon.github.io/epidemia/) influenza forecasting model used in the 2023-24 respiratory season._
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Models implemented with PyRenew

- [CDCgov/pyrenew-covid-wastewaterpyrenew-covid-wastewater](https://github.com/CDCgov/pyrenew-covid-wastewater): _Models and infrastructure for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations using wastewater data with PyRenew._
- [CDCgov/pyrenew-flu-light](https://github.com/CDCgov/pyrenew-flu-light/): _An instantiation in PyRenew of an [Epidemia](https://imperialcollegelondon.github.io/epidemia/) influenza forecasting model used in the 2023-24 respiratory season._

```

Author: What I've added is very close to what you want, which I can see the merit of, save for the fact that "Models implemented with PyRenew" has first letters capitalized to keep on theme and DHM's later comment is taken into account.
